To:sbwoo@80-20initiative.net
cc:jingliyu@earthlink.net
Fcc: outbox
Subject: 80-20 E-mail
--------

To Whom It May Concern: 

I have been receiving 80-20 support requests and news items for several
years now.  I have recently become politically active, and find the
information included in each e-mail quite enlightening.  I have seen
articles regarding the success of your efforts in various magazines,
like A Magazine and Yolk Magazine. 

So it is not without some measure of regret that I must tell you that I
currently have no intention of joining nor of donating to your cause.

Why, you ask, would I choose to eschew a group which could very well
improve my own political impact?  Because I have a fundamental
disagreement with the way in which you choose to do your business.

I have never once requested a newsletter from your organization.  Every
e-mail I have received from you has come unbidden to my various e-mail
accounts--three total accounts, with four total addresses receiving each
message.  You have, either by culling or spidering them from various
online sources or purchasing them from unscrupulous parties, two
addresses which are effectively invalid for the account you are sending
to, as well as an address which I have never given to anyone.  

I assume you seek out addresses which appear Asian in origin to get your
message across to as many interested people as possible.  All of the
addresses in question have one thing in common: my surname, Hsiao, is
part of them.  And herein lies the problem: 

You, the 80-20 Initiative, conduct your business using Spam and have been
a Spammer since I first received your newsletter. 

I do not associate with spammers. 

If in the future your organization were to rework the way you obtained
your mailing lists, I would consider contributing to the cause. As it
stands, now, however, I will be posting this notice to various public
forums in an effort to make you change the way you do business. 


James T. Hsiao
Professional
Registered Voter in the State of Georgia
